Jiuqing Dog, you actually cheated on a man
Also pregnant with wild
It's a family shame
Slut one
From today onwards, Liu Qingxue's family will be expelled from the Liu family
Never forget to come back
Xiao Chen, where are you?
I gave everything for you
But you abandoned me mercilessly
I will never forgive you for the rest of my life
The young master's family is chasing you everywhere
If you know that the young lady is pregnant with your child
I won't let him go
You leave now
At least you can save the young lady's life
clear spring
Forget it, sorry.
Wait for me to come back
I will definitely compensate you double.
Liu Junjie
When do you owe me that 300,000?
It's been a damn month
Isn't it 100,000? How did it become 300,000?
Nine out of thirteen do you know?
That's what I'm going to bargain about.
Think about it.
How can you repay me?
Can you give me a few more days of grace?
Give a few days of grace
It's not impossible
Thank you, dog
That depends on your performance
Ah dog brother
I am a fish seller
The smell of fish is not worthy of you
You have to refuse me
Dead-hearted little pussy
As long as you sleep with me for one night
This 300,000 can sell well
How did it go?
The big bad guy let go of my door
Little brat dare to hit me